What is Escape Room SA?
At Escape Room SA, we are creating a space for you and your friends to experience the new global phenomenon of live escape games. The idea is that you will be led into a themed room with an exciting back story. You will be locked in and must search for clues and solve puzzles in order to escape before the time runs out.


Why should I play?
If you enjoy solving puzzles and want to do something different with your mates, this game is for you.  (We are so confident that you'll get your money back if you didn't like the experience).

Where can I play?
The location is still a secret but we can tell you that it is in the heart of Adelaide City.

When can I play?
We are opening soon, subscribe for updates and opening discounts.

Who can play (who is it for) ?

At escape room sa we take all types.
  - the quiet thinkers
  - the sharped eyed observers
  - the braniac
  - the stategist
  - and the teamster
Gather your best team of mates, family and colleagues together and bring your 'A' game and dare to escape our rooms. We guarantee you and your team will have a blast or you'll get your money back. It's that bloody fun.

OR
If you enjoy doing one of these
  - solving (insert catchy adjective) puzzles
  - answering riddles
  - looking for new experience
  - up for a challenge
  - after something more interlectually interesting than going to the movie

How do I play?
First you need a team (minimum two people). Book one of our rooms in advance. When the time comes just bring your self and your team to our place. Make sure to bring bucket loads of wit and common sense with a touch of cxreativity and interllect along as well. You will need it!! One more thing, just remember to have fun we'll do our best to make sure of that :)

Who's it for?

Friends and Family: Looking for something new to do? Break the norm, turn off the TV and have a great time with your family and friends.

Tourists and Travellers: Adelaide has some pretty cool things to do but if you're looking for something a bit different and upbeat, then come try out our challenge.

Team Building: Team building activities don't have to be boring. Our rooms will require teamwork and active problem solving in a fun, immersive setting.

Fun Dates: Want an unforgettable date? You could be responsible for pretty much the coolest date. Ever.

(Looking to really test your relationship? Get all the dealbreakers upfront!)

(Science shows that dates with an element of excitement are more likely to work. Bang her on the first night with our scientifically designed formula.)

Our Room
Coming Soon...
It's a secret. You'll have to stay tuned to find out, subscribe and you'll be the first to know.

taglines
  Escape or die trying. (just kidding!)
  are you down for the escape of your life?
  defeat boredom and escape with us?
  spice up your mundane life with our escape experience
  the routine is the enemy of time, it makes time fly by
  choose adventure
  ichooseadventure

  subscribe and support us now for get 20% when we launch
  prepaid your session with us now and get 50% off the admission when we launch
  subscribe and be the first to know


  color scheme
  Achromatic colors can include white, black, and all shades of gray in between. (use this to enhance other colour, good for website selling experiences, like travel website)


At Escape Room Sa, you are the star of a real-life movie and only you will determine how the story will end. game play is highly themed, and missions are designed to provide a challenging yet fun experience.

Three word strategies
Challengin. Engaging. Fun.

At Escape Room SA, sixty minutes will fly by as you attempt to unlock the door to your escape. Few have beat our rooms and those who did, have earned bragging rights and a place on our wall of fame.

or
Fun Excitement Mystery
Real live escape game

Try to escape our fascinating rooms by solving hands-on riddles and brain bending puzzles. You’ve only got 60 minutes to beat Escape room sa's spine-tingling, live-action escape games — it’s like a movie, starring YOU and your friends!


Tag lines: Interactive puzzle-solving escape game
In the heart Adelaide City Centre


Tag lines: A real-life escape game
Escape Room Sa is an exhilarating, interactive experience designed to test your wits. The premise is simple: small groups are locked in a room and have 60 minutes to escape. To find the key, you must work together to unearth clues, solve puzzles, and crack codes. Book a room with your friends, family, or co-workers – and see if you have what it takes to escape!

Tag lines: --- Real life escape game
THE OBJECTIVE IS SIMPLE: WORK TOGETHER, FIND CLUES, DECODE MESSAGES, AND SOLVE PUZZLES TO UNLOCK THE DOOR TO FREEDOM

escape by finding clues and solves puzzle.
interlectual alternative to movies and bowling.

tag lines: What's an escape room game ?
The Escape Room Sa is a 60 minute, heart-pounding race against the clock to discover your way to freedom before time runs out. For one hour teams must work together to crack codes, find clues, and solve puzzles in the pursuit of the ultimate goal: to find the key and escape the room.

Tag lines: What is escape room sa?
Escape room sa is South Australia first live escape game. You and your friends, family, or colleagues are locked in a room together. Your goal? Find the clues, crack the codes, and solve the puzzles to escape the room in 60 minutes or less. It’s a great team building activity for colleagues, a fun event for friends looking for a new experience, and a great excuse for family time that gets everyone out of the house and off of their smartphones. Think you have what it takes to beat the clock?

Escape Room Sa is a one of a kind experience. You will live out an adventure instead of merely watching one unfold. Have you ever wondered if you could defuse a bomb as the clock ticks towards zero? Do you have what it takes to solve crimes and outwit criminal masterminds? Escape the Space offers new experiences, like these, on a daily basis. Whether for family, friends, clubs, coworkers, or team building exercises, Escape the Space is dedicated to breaking the barriers that distract us from one another while offering an exciting and engaging experience. In order to Escape the Space, you will be forced to rely on your abilities to collectively unearth hidden clues, use these clues to solve a series of fiendishly clever puzzles, and above all....Keep your cool as the clock strikes zero.

Your detective side will be activated as you solve intellectual puzzles, piece together small tidbits of intelligence, uncover secret mysteries, and race against the hourglass. With the clock set to 60 minutes, you will have to discover the way out of the room. The challenge of escaping will test your wits, patience and ability to work together as a team.
Do you have what it takes to think yourself out of a locked room?

 providing immersive environments for the sleuth in you to finally shine. Experience a Real Life Quest. Challenge yourself, participate in team building and have fun. Beware, its extremely addicting!!! :)

simple and live escape game, designed for small groups of 2-6 people. The goal is simple yet challenging: escape in time! During this engaging escape game, team member truly live and breath in union for an hour.

IF YOU ARE A PERSON WHO LIKES ANSWERING RIDDLES, SOLVING COMPLEX PUZZLES, OR JUST GENERALLY CLEVER AND LOOKING FOR A CHALLENGE, THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.

Great Escape is a fun and simple, yet challenging REAL LIFE ESCAPE GAME.

GREAT ESCAPE is a 100% interactive game where you are the star of the show. You and your team mates are locked in a room full of puzzles and challenges. Your task is to solve these puzzles and escape the room in the 60 minutes you have.
